Take you to death.
The palace is the emperor's favorite.
Do you dare to touch me?
The Queen
The Queen's beautiful harem of three thousand
Not without you.
You're the princess's man.
Because you will surely die.
Then I can also make you die to understand.
Yes, we're here to take your life.
Your Majesty, can you hear me?
Dog Slave
Where do you want to take my princess?
Your Majesty.
Your Majesty!
The princess rest assured.
I will definitely help you punish that person who does not know the sky and the earth.
Your Majesty used to be my master.
Be gracious to me.
If it wasn't for Dieu Nu provoking them.
Your sister will definitely not kill me.
I will help you solve the problem.
So how does love respond to us?
I've been waiting here all night.
The Death of Miao Sixi
Now you tell the guru that she's not just not dead.
Room service was successful.
The Queen was afraid she had known for a long time.
They are your eyes and ears.
My dear lady
Grandfather, why are you here?
The Emperor wants to see you.
Your wife has misunderstood.
The slave was at the emperor's will to settle this slave.
Deal with me.
Dieu Nu, you provoke the relationship between the honey princess and the sisters
It's worth dying for.
Where are you going?
Yes.
Get this bitch out of here.
Don't.
The Queen saved me.
Four Hy Seedlings
Hello friend.
Who else is there now?
I can help the Lord destroy you.
And here I am.